it's gonna be fine because we've had
I'm Ruby and I'm nine years old and I'm
Jonas and I'm 10 years old and we're a
barb dancing duo we love dancing it's
just their passion think groove is a
good partner get to be amazing
my brother D'Angelo was his partner
Amanda are auditioning too let's
remember our biggest competition is a
nine-year-old my name's Amanda car
Bahamas and I am 13 years old my name is
Daniel Castro and I'm 12 years old I
wish the best for them but I just hope
they mess up you sell me hate we've been
running together for six years so that
definitely gives us the advantage over
my little sister I think we can be dense
together yes fresh ready take it over
ready to go get that million dollars all
right don't get up
what's your name's Ruby and Jonah's okay
hi Ruby and Jonah's don't you remember
me oh wait a minute I do remember you
you're from Miami ah I know she was in
the Untouchables last year that great
dance troupe I thought you guys were
incredible thank you
I know you're great dancers you guys
look adorable let's see what you do
you were amazing yeah I wish I had like
this smidgen of that talent brother the
way you move your hips is just
ridiculous
usually the girl is better than the boys
and we always just look at the girl and
the guys just kind of there but you are
just as good I mean it's amazing bow
thank you so much I'm watching you I
didn't want to tend belit really is the
precision is quite remarkable and I am
really digging what you're doing thank
you this is the bar you two have said it
I don't think it was a one mistake you
hit every step I think we should just
vote I'm gonna say yes
Mel I definitely get thank you fighting
- times up yes yes I bet absolutely yes
that was fantastic did you really see
real joy winner yeah congratulations
I know he's amazing but no we have to be
ready they were good
right we like that go get him
how are you wait a second
are you in the Untouchables from last
year yeah was your sister just out here
on stage yeah so wait a second let me
get this straight you're a dancer yeah
your sister just got put through she is
going to Las Vegas yeah and you are
competing against your sister yep
that's how it goes how old are you by
the way I'm 12 years old and your
partner how old are you I'm 13 are you a
couple are you romantic whoa we used to
be when we were nine not anymore
how long did that relationship last well
I broke up with him four times so didn't
go well I was so also confused one days
like we're breaking up
and next I'm like hey boyfriend okay
girls are complicated so now that you're
dancing together do you think the
romance will get back in the
relationship no you're not attracted to
her anymore that way a little bit you
know I think it's fascinating you're
going up against your own sister you're
with your ex-girlfriend
this soap opera that is America's Got
Talent I wish you guys luck let's see
what you have thank you
bartender
no big
chemistry
we're here don't you see
the chance
yeah
Oh
love
this is why I came to San Antonio I was
waiting for you two
be and I was thoroughly entertained
thank you I love the humor in your dance
the comedy your expressions you know I
thought you two were spot-on super
talented thank you thank you so much
Howie what do you think I think it was
fantastic you guys are great I commend
you well I'm excited we're gonna see you
compete against your sister it's gonna
you two are gonna fall in love again I
can feel and I know
taking a risk here if we all close
together one two three yeah
when are you gonna dance with me like
that and we can see that the season
let's do it come on so it is gonna be
like in Vegas is a sibling showdown just